Add event processing details to eventing mesh documentation (#7915)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/knative-eventing-mesh/02-01-knative-eventing-mesh.md

    * [Channel](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/channels/) which defines the way messages are dispatched in the Namespace. Its underlying implementation is responsible for forwarding events to the Broker or additional Channels. Kyma uses NATS Streaming as its default Channel, but you can change it to InMemoryChannel, Kafka, or Google PubSub.
4. The Application Broker watches the creation of the Application CR and performs the following actions:

    * Exposes the Events API of an external system as a ServiceClass. Once the user provisions this ServiceClass in the Namespace, the Application Broker makes events available to use.

    * Deploys Knative Subscription and defines the Broker as the subscriber for the Channel to allow communication between them.

    * Adds the `knative-eventing-injection` label to the user's Namespace. As a result, the Namespace controller creates the [Broker](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/broker-trigger/) which automatically receives the `default` name. The Broker acts as an entry point for the events which it receives at the cluster-local endpoint it exposes.

> 5. The user creates the [Trigger](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/broker-trigger/) which references the Broker and defines the subscriber along with the conditions for filtering events. This way, certain subscribers receive only the events they are interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The user creates the [Trigger](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/broker-trigger/) which references the Broker and defines the subscriber along with the conditions for filtering events. This way, subscribers only receive the events of a given type.
```

    * [HTTP Source Adapter](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/components/event-sources/adapter/http) which is an HTTP server deployed inside the `kyma-integration` Namespace. This adapter acts as a gateway to the Channel, and is responsible for exposing an endpoint to which the Application sends the events. 

>     * [Channel](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/channels/) which defines the way messages are dispatched in the Namespace. Its underlying implementation is responsible for forwarding events to the Broker or additional Channels. Kyma uses NATS Streaming as its default Channel, but you can change it to Kafka implementation. 

Author: Added it back as agreed :)

4. The Application Broker watches the creation of the Application CR and performs the following actions:

    * Exposes the Events API of an external system as a ServiceClass. Once the user provisions this ServiceClass in the Namespace, the Application Broker makes events available to use.

    * Deploys Knative Subscription and defines the Broker as the subscriber for the Channel to allow communication between them.

>     * Adds the `knative-eventing-injection` label to the user's Namespace. As a result, the Namespace controller creates the [Broker](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/broker-trigger/) which automatically receives the name `default`. The Broker acts as an entry point for the events and them at the cluster-local endpoint it exposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Adds the `knative-eventing-injection` label to the user's Namespace. As a result, the Namespace controller creates the [Broker](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/broker-trigger/) which automatically receives the `default` name. The Broker acts as an entry point for the events and receives them at the cluster-local endpoint it exposes.
```

Author: I changed it as agreed :)

5. The user creates the [Trigger](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/broker-trigger/) which references the Broker and defines the subscriber along with the conditions for filtering events. This way, certain subscribers receive only the events they are interested in.

> For details on the Trigger specification, [this](/components/knative-eventing-mesh/#details-event-processing-and-delivery) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on the Trigger specification, read [this](/components/knative-eventing-mesh/#details-event-processing-and-delivery) document.
```

Author: 👍
